<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Sevdah - Bibliography</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index-style.css" />
        <script type="text/javascript" src="show-hide_en_bs-cy_bs-la.js"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <nav class="navigation">
            <h1 class="website_title">SEVDAH</h1>
            <ul class="navig">
                <li class="nav_button">
                    <a href="index.html" class="nav_link en" style="display:block">About the Project</a>
                    <a href="index.html" class="nav_link bs-cy" style="display:none">О овом пројекту</a>
                    <a href="index.html" class="nav_link bs-la" style="display:none">O ovom projetku</a>
                </li>
                <li class="nav_button">
                    <a href="methodology.xhtml" class="nav_link en" style="display:block">Methodology</a>
                    <a href="methodology.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-cy" style="display:none">Начин истраживања</a>
                    <a href="methodology.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-la" style="display:none">Način istraživanja</a>
                </li>
                <li class="nav_button">
                    <a href="text_directory.xhtml" class="nav_link en" style="display:block">Text Directory</a>
                    <a href="text_directory.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-cy" style="display:none">Директориј текстова</a>
                    <a href="text_directory.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-la" style="display:none">Direktorij tekstova</a>
                </li>
                <li class="nav_button">
                    <a href="textual_analysis.xhtml" class="nav_link en" style="display:block">Textual Analysis</a>
                    <a href="textual_analysis.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-cy" style="display:none">Анализа текстова</a>
                    <a href="textual_analysis.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-la" style="display:none">Analiza tekstova</a>
                </li>
                <li class="nav_button">
                    <a href="contributors.xhtml" class="nav_link en" style="display:block">Contributors</a>
                    <a href="contributors.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-cy" style="display:none">Сурадници</a>
                    <a href="contributors.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-la" style="display:none">Suradnici</a>
                </li>
                <li class="nav_button">
                    <a href="bibliography.xhtml" class="nav_link en" style="display:block">Bibliography</a>
                    <a href="bibliography.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-cy" style="display:none">Библиографија</a>
                    <a href="bibliography.xhtml" class="nav_link bs-la" style="display:none">Bibliografija</a>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <div class="languages">
                <button class="languages"><span onclick="English()">English</span></button>
                <button class="languages"><span onclick="Bosnian_Cyrillic()">Бос-Ћир</span></button>
                <button class="languages"><span onclick="Bosnian_Latin()">Bos-Lat</span></button>
            </div>
        </nav>
        <h1 class="main_title en" style="display:block">Bibliography</h1>
        <h1 class="main_title bs-cy" style="display:none">Библиографија</h1>
        <h1 class="main_title bs-la" style="display:none">Bibliografija</h1>
        <hr />
        <section>
            <div class="info">
                <h2 class="en" style="display:block">Texts come from the following sources:</h2>
                <h2 class="bs-cy" style="display:none">Текстови су из ових извора:</h2>
                <h2 class="bs-la" style="display:none">Tekstovi su iz ovih izvora:</h2>
                <ol>
                    <li class="citations">Armenulić, Silvana. "Da sam ptica" on <em>Silvana Armenulić</em>. Composed by Jovica Petković. 1975. Jugoton-Croatia Records. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww7GgXsyufE">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww7GgXsyufE</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Bašagić, Safet-beg. <em>Odabrane Pjesme</em> Izdanje glavnog pododbora matice Hrvatske: Sarajevo, 1944.
                        <ul>
                            <li>Works from this source: Djevojka i cvijeće</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li class="citations">Ćatić, Musa-Ćatim. <em>Musa-Ćatim Ćatić: Pjesme od godine 1900. do 1908.</em> Muslimanska Biblioteka broj 3, prva knjiga. Prve Muslim. Nakl. Knjižare i Štamparije (Muhamed Bekir Kalajdžić): Mostar, 1914.
                        <ul>
                            <li>Works from this source: U sevdahu, U zimskoj noći</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li class="citations">Ђикић, Осман. <em>Сабрана дјела: Пјесме и Драме</em>. Библиотека Културно Насљеђе. "Свјетлост", Издавачко Предузеће: Сарајево. 1971
                     <ul>
                         <li>Works from this source: Na osvitku zore, Emini</li>
                     </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li class="citations">Polovina, Himzo. "Emina" on <em>Himzo Polovina</em>. Jugoton-Croatia Records. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKdmryzZyTE">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKdmryzZyTE</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Polovina, Himzo. "Kad ja pođoh na Bembašu" on <em>Kradem ti se u večeri</em>. Jugoton-Croatia Records. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzUE0U57jGc">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzUE0U57jGc</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Шантич, Алекса. Уред. Војислава, Илића. <em>Пјесме Алексе Р. Шантића</em>. Штампарија Владимира М. Радовића: Мостар, 1895.
                        <ul>
                            <li>Works from this source: Emina, Mladost</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ol>
            </div>
            <div class="info">
                <h2 class="en" style="display:block">Lexical references utilized:</h2>
                <h2 class="bs-cy" style="display:none">Лексичка средства коришћена:</h2>
                <h2 class="bs-la" style="display:none">Lekcička sredstva korišćena:</h2>
                <ol>
                    <li class="citations">Hrvatski jezični portal. Online. <a href="https://hjp.znanje.hr/index.php?show=o-nama">https://hjp.znanje.hr/index.php?show=o-nama</a></li>
                    <li class="citations"><em>Turcizmi u našem jeziku</em>. Škaljić, Abdulah. 1. obnovljeno izd. Karika: Sarajevo, 2014. </li>
                </ol>
            </div>
            <div class="info">
                <h2 class="en" style="display:block">General research utilizes these sources:</h2>
                <h2 class="bs-cy" style="display:none">Генерално истраживање је написано користећи ове изворе:</h2>
                <h2 class="bs-la" style="display:none">Generalno istraživanje je napisano koristeći ove izvore:</h2>
                <ol>
                    <li class="citations">Bajraktarevic (בייראקטארביץ'), Fehim (פ.). <em>השפעתן של לשונות המזרח על הלשון הסרבו-קרואטית / The Influence of Oriental Languages on Serbo-Croat</em>. Eretz-Israel: Archaeological, Historical and Geographical Studies / ארץ-ישראל: מחקרים בידיעת הארץ ועתיקותיה . Vol. ז, p. 1*-3*, 1964. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/23614664">https://www.jstor.org/stable/23614664</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Balić, Smail. <em>The Cultural Achievements of Bosnian Muslims</em>. Islamic Studies, Vol. 36, Iss. 2/3, p. 137-175, 1997. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/23076192">https://www.jstor.org/stable/23076192</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Ford, Curtis. <em>Language Planning in Bosnia and Herzegovina: The 1998 Bihać Symposium</em>. The Slavic and East European Journal, Vol. 46, Iss. 2, p. 349-361, 2002. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/3086180">https://www.jstor.org/stable/3086180</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Greenberg, Robert D. <em>When is Language a Language? The Case of Former Yugoslavia</em>. Harvard Ukrainian Studies, Vol. 35, Iss. 1/4, p. 431-442, 2017. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/44983552">https://www.jstor.org/stable/44983552</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Hakdarpašič, Edin. <em>Out of the Ruins of the Ottoman Empire: Reflections on the Ottoman Legacy in South-Eastern Europe</em>. Middle Eastern Studies, Vol. 44, Iss. 5, p. 715-734, 2008. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/40262612">https://www.jstor.org/stable/40262612</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Henig, David. <em>"This is our little hajj": Muslim holy sites and reappropriation of the sacred landscape in contemporary Bosnia</em>. American Ethnologist, Vol. 39, Iss. 4, p. 751-765, 2021. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/23358114">https://www.jstor.org/stable/23358114</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Jurić-Kappel, Jagoda. <em>Der Anteil der bosnisch-herzegowinischen Muslime (Bosniaken) am südslawischen Kulturerbe</em>. Wiener Slavistisches Jahrbuch, Vol. 43, p. 115-124, 1997. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/24748123">https://www.jstor.org/stable/24748123</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Mesarić, Andreja. <em>Wearing Hijab in Sarajevo: Dress Practices and the Islamic Revival in Post-war Bosnia-Herzegovina</em>. Anthropological Journal of European Cultures, Vol. 22, Iss. 2, p. 12-34, 2013. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/43234585">https://www.jstor.org/stable/43234585</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Pennanen, Risto Pekka. <em>All-Comprehending, United and Divine. The Myth of "ilahija" Hymns in Sarajevo</em>. The World of Music, Vol. 36, Iss. 3. p. 49-67, 1994. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/43562827">https://www.jstor.org/stable/43562827</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Petrović (פטרוביץ), Ankica (אנקיצה). <em>יחסי גומלין בין שירים יהודים-ספרדיים לבין השירה המוסלמית המסורתית בבוסניה / Correlation Between the Musical Content of Jewish Sephardic Songs and Traditional Muslim Lyrics "Sevdalinka" in Bosnia</em>. Proceedings of the World Congress of Jewish Studies / דברי הקונגרס העולמי למדעי היהדות , Vol. י , p. 165-171, 1989. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/23535374">https://www.jstor.org/stable/23535374</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Petrović, Ankica. <em>Paradoxes of Muslim Music in Boznia and Herzegovina</em>. Asian Music, Vol. 20, Iss. 1, p. 128-147, 1988. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/833858">https://www.jstor.org/stable/833858</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Prince, John Dyneley. <em>Surviving Turkish Elements in Serbo-Croatian</em>. Journal of the American Oriental Society, Vol. 51, Iss. 3, p. 241-261, 1931. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/593448">https://www.jstor.org/stable/593448</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Reinkowski, Maurus. <em>Kulturerbe oder Erblast? Zum Status der Turzismen in den Sprachen Südosteuropas, insbesondere des Bosnischen</em>. Mediterranean Language Review, Vol. 14, p. 98-112, 2002. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.13173/medilangrevi.14.2002.0098">https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.13173/medilangrevi.14.2002.0098</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Walasek, Helen. Ed. Apayin, Veysel. "Bosnia and the destruction of identity". in <em>Critical Perspectives on Cultural Memory and Heritage</em>. UCL Press, 2020/ <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctv13xpsfp.19">https://www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctv13xpsfp.19</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Zheliazkova, Antonina. <em>The Penetration and Adaptation of Islam in Bosnia from the Fifteenth to the Nineteenth Century</em>. Journal of Islamic Stuides, Vol. 5, Iss. 2, p. 187-208, 1994. <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/26195615">https://www.jstor.org/stable/26195615</a></li>
                    <li class="citations">Шито, Дариа. <em>Семантичка помјерања при употреби турцизама у савременом говору и утицај социолингвистичких фактора на њих (Semantic Shifts in Turkish Borrowings in Contemporary Language and the Influence of Socio-Linguistic Factors)</em>. Књижевни језик, Књ. 3, 1988. <a href="https://www-ceeol-com.pitt.idm.oclc.org/search/viewpdf?id=783165">https://www-ceeol-com.pitt.idm.oclc.org/search/viewpdf?id=783165</a></li>
                </ol>
            </div>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>
