<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Sevdah - About Page</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="mcsherry_12-02_html-1.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>About the Project</h1>
        <hr/>
            <nav class="navigation">
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="mcsherry_12-02_html-1.xhtml">About the Project</a><ul>
                        <li><a href="mcsherry_12-02_html-1.xhtml">Abstract</a></li>
                        <li><a href="mcsherry_12-02_html-1.xhtml">Bosnian as a Language or a Dialect</a></li>
                        <li><a href="mcsherry_12-02_html-1.xhtml">Using the Site</a></li>
                        <li><a href="mcsherry_12-02_html-1.xhtml">Poem or Song</a></li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li><a href="mcsherry_12-02_html-1.xhtml">Contributors</a></li>
                </ul>
                <!-- Of course these links would lead to other pages. There just aren't other pages at this time.-->
            </nav>
        <section>
            <div>
                <h2>Abstract</h2>
                <p>This project will examine the influence of Turkish language, especially Ottoman
                    Turkish, on Bosnian literature by examining the song and poetry culture Sevdah,
                    which refers to a genre characterized by the feeling of longing, especially of
                    lost or impossible love. The methodology will consist of examining the origin of
                    all of the words in the text. As these texts have entered into the cultural
                    consciousness of Bosnia, these texts can be examined as some sort of
                    representation of Bosnian cultural language.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="info">
                <h2>Bosnian as a Language or a Dialect</h2>
                <p> Many people consider the languages Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, and Montenegrin
                    to be dialects of one language, Serbo-Croatian; however, the people of these
                    respective countries have, since the time of Yugoslavia, denounced this name of
                    their language in order to preserve the differences between the languages and
                    their sovereignty. Whether someone sees these languages as dialects of one
                    South-Slavic language or as four sister-languages, the sole element of
                    importance is not putting them in a hierarchical structure. Therefore, since the
                    origin of these texts is not necessarily easy to determine, especially as the
                    borders have been drawn and redrawn, with the poets and authors regarding
                    themselves under a wide variety of cultural and heritage-based identities,
                    Sevdah as a unifying genre serves as a useful tool for centralizing the
                    experience of Bosnian specific poetry.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="info">
                <h2>Using the Site</h2>
                <p> The "texts" page gives the option to view the texts in either Cyrillic or Latin
                    letters. Both of these alphabets are used for Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, and
                    Montenegrin. At the present time, Croatia tends to use Latin primarily, and
                    Serbia tends to use Cyrillic primarily, but this distinction is relatively
                    recent, and there are still pockets in both of these countries which use the
                    other.</p>
            </div>
            <div class="info">
                <h2>Poem or Song</h2>
                <p> The line between poetry and song is not the same in the Balkans as it is in the
                    rest of the European context. The word for both poetry and song is actually the
                    same in Bosnian, just as in Croatia, Serbian, Montegrin, and likely other Balkan
                    languages, <em>pjesma</em>. Because of this overlap, these may be referred to as
                    "songs" or "poems" in English, but truly they all encompass both. For the
                    purposes of examining them in this project, the musical element must be removed
                    so that the text can be examined, placing it within the European conception of
                    "poetry," while its Balkan genre has not changed.</p>
            </div>
        </section>
        <section>
            <div>
                <h1>Contributors</h1>
                <ul>
                    <li>Cody McSherry<ul>
                            <li>Student</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                    <li>Dr. James Pickett<ul>
                            <li>Professor</li>
                        </ul></li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>